Hey, you look really nice today.
You're more attractive than a cup of coffee from Tim Hortons.
Could you please get me a glass of water? I'm thirsty.
You're so beautiful that it's surprising.
Your eyes are captivating, like the CN Tower.
You're more stunning than a sunset at Woodbine Beach.
You're attractive.
You're a real gem.
I'm interested in rizzifying you.
Do you feel the same way about me?
You're so beautiful that I'd take you on a date to King's Palace for dim sum.
If you were a streetcar, I'd ride you all night long.
Do you come here often?
You're more beautiful than a Drake song.
You're the heart of the city, like Dundas.
You're a great catch, like a fish from Kensington Market.
You're a perfect 10, like a Jays win against the Yankees.
You're very attractive.
You're out-of-this-world beautiful, like the 6ix.
If you were a Blue Jay, I'd never trade you.
You're cute, like a salad from Fresh.
You're hotter than the subway platform in the summer.
You're more beautiful than the Toronto skyline.
You're attractive, like bacon.
You're so beautiful that I'd take you on a date to the AGO.
Are you a Leafs fan? Because you have my heart.
You're more beautiful than a fall day in High Park.
You're a snack, like a Jamaican patty from Patty King.
You're always on my mind, like Spadina.
You're a cutie-pie, like a butter tart from Wanda's.
Can I follow you on Instagram?
You're hotter than a Drake verse.
You're the longest street in the city, like Yonge, and I'll never let you go.
You're a perfect 10, like a Raptors win in the playoffs.
You're beautiful, like a latte from Balzac's.
You're more stunning than a sunset at the Scarborough Bluffs.
If you were a TTC bus, I'd never miss my stop.
You're a snack, like a cronut from Roselle.
You're the queen of my heart, like Queen.
You're a cutie-pie, like a cupcake from Dufflet.
Can I borrow your phone charger? I want to stay connected to you.
You're more stunning than a summer day at Trinity Bellwoods.
You are attractive, like a cold brew from Pilot coffee.
I just bought a lipstick that won't smudge when kissed, and I want to try it out.
On a scale from one to ten, I think I'm a nine, but you're the person I need.
Your smile is so contagious that it seems like the pandemic isn't over yet.
Are you good at cuddling? If so, maybe we can be together.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I try to match with someone else?
If you could be any comic book character, who would you choose?
You are very attractive, and I want you to make me dinner.
You look familiar. Did we take a chemistry class together?
Let's decide on an anniversary date now.
I'm head over heels in love with you.
I've been trying to find you like I've been trying to find my lost luggage.
You're so attractive that I forgot my best pickup line.
Have you seen a doctor lately? Because you're lacking Vitamin Me.
You're pretty, and I'm cute, so maybe we could be cute together.
I'm not actually this tall; I'm sitting on my wallet.
Tonight's menu is Me-n-U.
I just became an organ donor so I could give you my heart.
Tie your shoes so you don't fall for anyone else.
Excuse me, can you give me directions to your heart?
You're so attractive that if stealing hearts were a crime, you'd be sentenced to life.
Are you a magician? Because everyone else disappears when I look at you.
Hello, my name is [insert name], and I'm your date for the night, courtesy of my friends.
It's hard to believe someone as attractive as you is on this app.
Pinch me; I can't believe you're real.
I'm single, and it's your lucky day.
I had a dream about you last night. Would you like to make it a reality?
Baby, you must be a broom because you just swept me off my feet.
The voices in my head told me to talk to you.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a cute cucumber.
Are your parents from outer space? Because you're out of this world.
I don't have a library card, but can I check you out?
Do you have a twin sister? Because you look like the girl of my dreams.
Are you a wifi signal? Because I feel a strong connection.
Excuse me, may I know your name? I want to pray for you tonight.
Do you have a map? Because I'm lost in your eyes.
Are you a time traveler? Because I can't imagine my future without you.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? It's made of boyfriend/girlfriend material, don't you think?
Hey, are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I can't help but smile.
I just bought a kiss-proof lipstick, want to see if it can handle someone as attractive as me?
COVID is still out here, but your smile is so contagious.
Are you an expert at cuddling? Maybe you could join my group of friends.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I unmatch and try again?
If you could be any comic book character, who would you choose?
You're so attractive, can you cook dinner for me?
Hey, you look familiar. Did we have chemistry class together in high school?
Let's mark our anniversary date right now, for real.
I'm head over heels for you, like Shrek for Fiona.
I've been having trouble finding you, like my lost luggage, but I'm still interested.
You're so attractive, I forgot my best pick-up line.
Hey, have you been to the doctor lately? Because I think you're lacking vitamin me.
You're pretty, and I'm cute. Together, we could be a pretty cute couple.
I'm not actually this tall, I'm just sitting on my wallet, you know what I mean?
The menu for tonight is "me and you." What do you say?
I just became an organ donor so I could give you my heart.
Hey, tie your shoes. I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Excuse me, could you tell me how to get to your heart?
If stealing men's hearts was a crime, you would be sentenced to life in prison. Still want to risk it?
You must be a magician, because everyone else disappears when I look at you.
Hey, I'm [insert name]. I'm your date for the night, compliments of the management.
It's hard to believe someone as attractive as you is on this app. I'm lucky I swiped right.
Can you pinch me? I can't believe you're real. I thought I was dreaming.
This is your lucky day, because I just happen to be single. What do you say?
I had a dream about you last night. Do you want to make it a reality?
Baby, you must be a broom, because you just swept me off my feet.
Hey, the voices in my head told me to come over and talk to you.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a "cutecumber."
Is your dad an alien? Because you're out of this world.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Do you have a twin sister? Because you look like the girl of my dreams.
Are you a WiFi signal? Because I'm feeling a strong connection with you.
Excuse me, do you have a name? I need it for my prayers tonight.
Do you have a map? Because I just got lost in your eyes.
Are you a time traveler? Because I can't imagine my future without you.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? It's made of boyfriend/girlfriend material.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.