yute=youth
wagwan=whats up
fam=family/friend
yute=youth
6ix=toronto
drizzy=drake
Yo, you’re looking bare nice, still.=Hey, you look really nice today.
You’re hotter than a Tim Hortons coffee.=You're more attractive than a cup of coffee from Tim Hortons.
Aye, could you grab me a cup of water? I’m parched, eh.=Could you please get me a glass of water? I'm thirsty.
Yo, you’re so peng that I’m shook.=You're so beautiful that it's surprising.
Your eyes are like the CN Tower, fam. I’m lost in them.=Your eyes are captivating, like the CN Tower.
You’re more beautiful than a sunset at Woodbine Beach.=You're more stunning than a sunset at Woodbine Beach.
You’re a snack, like a poutine from Smoke’s.=You're attractive.
I must’ve seen you on Ossington. You’re a real gem, eh.=You're a real gem.
I’m 100% down for this Rizzify t’ing, you know.=I'm interested in rizzifying you.
Is it love at first sight for you, too, or am I trippin’?=Do you feel the same way about me?
You’re so fine, I’d take you to King’s Palace for dim sum.=You're so beautiful that I'd take you on a date to King's Palace for dim sum.
If you were a streetcar, I’d ride you all night long.=If you were a streetcar, I'd ride you all night long.
Aye, do you come here often or what?=Do you come here often?
You’re more beautiful than a Drake song, fam.=You're more beautiful than a Drake song.
Is your name Dundas? Because you’re the heart of the city.=You're the heart of the city, like Dundas.
You’re a real catch, like a fish from Kensington Market.=You're a great catch, like a fish from Kensington Market.
You’re a 10/10, like a Jays win against the Yankees.=You're a perfect 10, like a Jays win against the Yankees.
Yo, do you have a light? Because you’re a straight-up fire ting.=You're very attractive.
Are you from the 6ix? Because you’re out-of-this-world peng.=You're out-of-this-world beautiful, like the 6ix.
If you were a Blue Jay, I’d never trade you.=If you were a Blue Jay, I'd never trade you.
You’re a cute-cumber, like a salad from Fresh.=You're cute, like a salad from Fresh.
You’re hotter than the subway platform in the summer.=You're hotter than the subway platform in the summer.
You’re more beautiful than the Toronto skyline, fam.=You're more beautiful than the Toronto skyline.
Do you like bacon? Because you’re bae-con.=You're attractive, like bacon.
You’re so fine, I’d take you to the AGO for a date.=You're so beautiful that I'd take you on a date to the AGO.
Yo, are you a Leafs fan? Because you have my heart.=Are you a Leafs fan? Because you have my heart.
You’re more beautiful than a fall day in High Park.=You're more beautiful than a fall day in High Park.
You’re a snack, like a Jamaican patty from Patty King.=You're a snack, like a Jamaican patty from Patty King.
Is your name Spadina? Because you’re always on my mind.=You're always on my mind, like Spadina.
You’re a cutie-pie, like a butter tart from Wanda’s.=You're a cutie-pie, like a butter tart from Wanda's.
Yo, do you have Instagram? I want to follow you, still.=Can I follow you on Instagram?
You’re hotter than a Drake verse, fam.=You're hotter than a Drake verse.
Is your name Yonge? Because you’re the longest street in the city, and I’m never letting you go.=You're the longest street in the city, like Yonge, and I'll never let you go.
You’re a 10/10, like a Raptors win in the playoffs.=You're a perfect 10, like a Raptors win in the playoffs.
You’re a peng ting, like a latté from Balzac’s.=You're beautiful, like a latte from Balzac's.
You’re more beautiful than a sunset at the Scarborough Bluffs.=You're more stunning than a sunset at the Scarborough Bluffs.
If you were a TTC bus, I’d never miss my stop.=If you were a TTC bus, I'd never miss my stop.
You’re a snack, like a cronut from Roselle.=You're a snack, like a cronut from Roselle.
Is your name Queen? Because you’re the queen of my heart.=You're the queen of my heart, like Queen.
You’re a cutie-pie, like a cupcake from Dufflet.=You're a cutie-pie, like a cupcake from Dufflet.
Yo, do you have a phone charger? Because I’m trying to stay connected to you.=Can I borrow your phone charger? I want to stay connected to you.
You’re more beautiful than a summer day at Trinity Bellwoods.=You're more stunning than a summer day at Trinity Bellwoods.
You’re a peng ting, like a cold brew from Pilot.=You are attractive, like a cold brew from Pilot coffee.
I just bought a kiss-proof lippie, and I wanna test it out.=I just bought a lipstick that won't smudge when kissed, and I want to try it out.
On a scale of one to 10, I’m a nine. But you’re the one I need, fam.=On a scale from one to ten, I think I'm a nine, but you're the person I need.
I guess the pandemic is far from over because your smile is contagious, eh.=Your smile is so contagious that it seems like the pandemic isn't over yet.
Are you a good cuddler? Because if so, I might let you join my squad.=Are you good at cuddling? If so, maybe we can be together.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I delete this match and try again, eh?=Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I try to match with someone else?
If you could be any comic book character, who would you be, fam?=If you could be any comic book character, who would you choose?
Are you my oven? Because you’re hot, and I want you to make me dinner, eh.=You are very attractive, and I want you to make me dinner.
You look so familiar! Did we have chemistry together, fam?=You look familiar. Did we take a chemistry class together?
Let’s just set an anniversary date right now, eh.=Let's decide on an anniversary date now.
Just call me Shrek because I’m head ogre heels for you, fam.=I'm head over heels in love with you.
Are you my lost luggage? Because I’ve been having so much trouble finding you, eh.=I've been trying to find you like I've been trying to find my lost luggage.
You’re so peng, I forgot my best pickup line, fam.=You're so attractive that I forgot my best pickup line.
Have you been to the doctor recently? I think you’re lacking some vitamin me, eh.=Have you seen a doctor lately? Because you're lacking Vitamin Me.
You’re pretty, and I’m cute. Together we could be pretty cute, fam.=You're pretty, and I'm cute, so maybe we could be cute together.
I’m not really this tall. I’m just sitting on my wallet, eh.=I'm not actually this tall; I'm sitting on my wallet.
Do you know what’s on the menu tonight? Me-n-U, fam.=Tonight's menu is Me-n-U.
I just became an organ donor so I could give you my heart, eh.=I just became an organ donor so I could give you my heart.
Yo, tie your kicks...I don’t want you falling for anyone else, fam.=Tie your shoes so you don't fall for anyone else.
Excuse me...I’m a bit lost. Can you give me directions to your heart, eh?=Excuse me, can you give me directions to your heart?
You know...if stealing mans' hearts was a crime, you’d be sentenced to life, fam.=You're so attractive that if stealing hearts were a crime, you'd be sentenced to life.
Yo, are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears, eh.=Are you a magician? Because everyone else disappears when I look at you.
Yo, what’s poppin’? I’m [insert name]. I’m your assigned date for the night, compliments of the mandem, fam.=Hello, my name is [insert name], and I'm your date for the night, courtesy of my friends.
Excuse me, I find it hard to believe that someone as beaut as you is on this app, eh.=It's hard to believe someone as attractive as you is on this app.
Can you pinch me? Why? Because I can’t believe you’re real...I thought I was dreaming, fam.=Pinch me; I can't believe you're real.
This is your lucky day because I just happen to be single, eh.=I'm single, and it's your lucky day.
I had a dream about you last night. Would you like to make it a reality, fam?=I had a dream about you last night. Would you like to make it a reality?
Baby, you must be a broom, cuz you just swept me off my feet, eh.=Baby, you must be a broom because you just swept me off my feet.
Yo, the voices in my head told me to come over and talk to you, fam.=The voices in my head told me to talk to you.
If you were a veggie, you’d be a cutecumber, eh.=If you were a vegetable, you'd be a cute cucumber.
Is your dad an alien? Because you are out of this world, fam.=Are your parents from outer space? Because you're out of this world.
I don’t have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out, eh?=I don't have a library card, but can I check you out?
Do you have a twin sister? Because you look like the girl of my dreams, fam.=Do you have a twin sister? Because you look like the girl of my dreams.
Are you a wifi signal? Because I’m really feeling a strong connection, eh.=Are you a wifi signal? Because I feel a strong connection.
Excuse me, do you have a name? I need it for my prayers tonight, fam.=Excuse me, may I know your name? I want to pray for you tonight.
Do you have a map? Because I just got lost in your eyes, eh.=Do you have a map? Because I'm lost in your eyes.
Are you a time traveler? Because I can’t imagine my future without you, fam.=Are you a time traveler? Because I can't imagine my future without you.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend/girlfriend material, eh.=Do you know what my shirt is made of? It's made of boyfriend/girlfriend material, don't you think?
Yo, are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile, fam.=Hey, are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I can't help but smile.
Just bought a kiss-proof lippy, wanna see if it can handle a 9 like me?=I just bought a kiss-proof lipstick, want to see if it can handle someone as attractive as me?
COVID still out here 'cause your smile's contagious, eh?=COVID is still out here, but your smile is so contagious.
You a cuddle expert? Maybe you can join my squad.=Are you an expert at cuddling? Maybe you could join my group of friends.
You believe in love at first sight, or should I unmatch and try again, fam?=Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I unmatch and try again?
If you could be any comic book character, who'd you be, bruh?=If you could be any comic book character, who would you choose?
You're hot like an oven, can you whip up dinner for me?=You're so attractive, can you cook dinner for me?
Yo, you look familiar, did we have chem together in high school or what?=Hey, you look familiar. Did we have chemistry class together in high school?
Let's mark our anniversary date right now, no cap.=Let's mark our anniversary date right now, for real.
I'm head over heels like Shrek for you, ting.=I'm head over heels for you, like Shrek for Fiona.
Been having trouble finding you like my lost luggage, still interested tho.=I've been having trouble finding you, like my lost luggage, but I'm still interested.
You're so peng, I forgot my best pickup line, damn.=You're so attractive, I forgot my best pick-up line.
Yo, you been to the doc lately? 'Cause I think you're lacking vitamin me.=Hey, have you been to the doctor lately? Because I think you're lacking vitamin me.
You're pretty and I'm cute, together we could be a pretty cute ting.=You're pretty, and I'm cute. Together, we could be a pretty cute couple.
I'm not really this tall, just sitting on my wallet, you know what I'm sayin'?=I'm not actually this tall, I'm just sitting on my wallet, you know what I mean?
The menu tonight is me-n-u, what do you say?=The menu for tonight is "me and you." What do you say?
Just became an organ donor so I could give you my heart, b.=I just became an organ donor so I could give you my heart.
Hey, tie your shoes, don't want you falling for anyone else, eh?=Hey, tie your shoes. I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Excuse me, could you give me directions to your heart, please?=Excuse me, could you tell me how to get to your heart?
If stealing men's hearts was illegal, you'd be sentenced to life, still down to risk it?=If stealing men's hearts was a crime, you would be sentenced to life in prison. Still want to risk it?
You must be a magician, 'cause everyone else disappears when I look at you, fam.=You must be a magician, because everyone else disappears when I look at you.
Hey, I'm [insert name]. I'm your date for the night, compliments of the management, you feel me?=Hey, I'm [insert name]. I'm your date for the night, compliments of the management.
It's hard to believe someone as peng as you is on this app, still lucky I swiped right.=It's hard to believe someone as attractive as you is on this app. I'm lucky I swiped right.
Can you pinch me? I can't believe you're real, thought I was dreaming, jheez.=Can you pinch me? I can't believe you're real. I thought I was dreaming.
This is your lucky day, 'cause I just happen to be single, holla.=This is your lucky day, because I just happen to be single. What do you say?
Had a dream about you last night, wanna make it a reality, b?=I had a dream about you last night. Do you want to make it a reality?
Baby, you must be a broom, 'cause you just swept me off my feet, straight up.=Baby, you must be a broom, because you just swept me off my feet.
Yo, the voices in my head told me to come over and talk to you, know what I'm saying?=Hey, the voices in my head told me to come over and talk to you.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a cutecumber, lol.=If you were a vegetable, you'd be a "cutecumber."
Is your dad an alien? 'Cause you're out of this world, fam.=Is your dad an alien? Because you're out of this world.
Don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out, eh?=I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Do you have a twin sister? 'Cause you look like the girl of my dreams, no lie.=Do you have a twin sister? Because you look like the girl of my dreams.
Are you a wifi signal? 'Cause I'm really feeling a strong connection, you know.=Are you a WiFi signal? Because I'm feeling a strong connection with you.
Excuse me, do you have a name? Need it for my prayers tonight, bless up.=Excuse me, do you have a name? I need it for my prayers tonight.
Do you have a map? 'Cause I just got lost in your eyes, jeez.=Do you have a map? Because I just got lost in your eyes.
Are you a time traveler? 'Cause I can't imagine my future without you, fam.=Are you a time traveler? Because I can't imagine my future without you.
You know what my shirt's made of? Boyfriend/girlfriend material, truss me.=Do you know what my shirt is made of? It's made of boyfriend/girlfriend material.
Are you a camera? 'Cause every time I look at you, I smile, no cap.=Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
